Fix: Add crucial requirement for custom attributes in OIDC scope for access token inclusion (Product IS issue #27542) (#6058)
wso2/docs-is: en/includes/guides/fragments/manage-app/oidc-settings/access-token.md

!!! note 
    All configured user attributes are included in the access token, regardless of the requested scopes.

> !!! warning "Important requirement for custom attributes"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! warning
```

    For custom attributes to appear in the access token, you must explicitly add them to an OIDC scope. Without this mapping, custom attributes will not be included in the access token, even if they are configured under **Access Token Attributes**.
    

>     To map custom attributes to an OIDC scope, configure the scope settings in your application's OIDC configuration and ensure the custom attributes are associated with the appropriate scope.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To map custom attributes to an OIDC scope, [configure the custom attributes for the appropriate scopes]({base_path}}/guides/users/attributes/manage-scopes/#edit-scopes) and ensure that your application's OIDC configuration is updated to request those scopes.
```

!!! note 
    All configured user attributes are included in the access token, regardless of the requested scopes.

!!! warning
    For custom attributes to appear in the access token, you must explicitly add them to an OIDC scope. Without this mapping, custom attributes will not be included in the access token, even if they are configured under **Access Token Attributes**.
    For custom attributes to appear in the access token, you must explicitly add them to an OIDC scope. Without this mapping, custom attributes will not be included in the access token, even if they are configured under **Access Token Attributes**.

    To map custom attributes to an OIDC scope, configure the scope settings in your application's OIDC configuration and ensure the custom attributes are associated with the appropriate scope.

>     To map custom attributes to an OIDC scope, [configure the custom attributes for the appropriate scopes]({base_path}}/guides/users/attributes/manage-scopes/#edit-scopes) and ensure that your application's OIDC configuration is updated to request those scopes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To map custom attributes to an OIDC scope, [configure the custom attributes for the appropriate scopes]({{base_path}}/guides/users/attributes/manage-scopes/#edit-scopes) and ensure that your application's OIDC configuration is updated to request those scopes.
```
